.
how can
What are the free resources to rely on and time for being the professional
Is market wise open
How to build industry related projects that can enhance career
How can I improve accuracy when my dataset is small and contains many missing values?
No Question 
Nothing for now
.
How to work with cloud services from Bangladesh, as there are limited scope for international cards.
How to retain the learned concepts of AI/ML? Among tons of information, to some extent it’s easy to forget what you have learned. Is a there a technique to follow to retain those concepts.
How can I learn from scratch to know about agentic ai and how to build one
How is the remote job opportunity for AI
Could you please outline a structured and effective roadmap for pursuing a career in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence?
How to start making Ml and DL models from scratch  ? 
. 
How to prepare myself for AI/ML engineer specially in LLM ?
How can I build and integrate machine learning in software development projects 
Want a resource that full MLOps project development?
suggest me some gen ai/ai/ml related project to get a job easily
বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়ে উঠে দেখেছি সবাই কম্পিটিটিভ প্রোগ্রামিং করে। আমিও তাই করা শুরু করেছি। আমাদের সামনে একটা সেমিস্টারে সিপির কোর্স আছে ওইটার জন্য হলেও করতে হবে। কিন্তু আমি যদি সিপি পরবর্তীতে কন্টিনিউ না করি বা সিপিতে খুব বেশি ভালো না করি তবে কি মেশিন লার্নিং শিখতে বা ক্যারিয়ারে সমস্যা হবে?
I just want a proper roadmap and  guidance 
As a 4th year CSE student from a private university, how can I effectively start a career or secure a job in the ML, NLP, or AI field, including key steps, skills to prioritize, and strategies to stand out in the industry?
None
How to start research 
I don't have question.
How to start researching as a second semester student? what topics should I need to learn beforehand? Thanks 
A proper roadmap for an ML/AI-related career
X
If I want to build an offline machine learning model for searching files on my computer using a lightweight large language model (LLM), will the model also be able to read and understand the content of those files? Additionally, do I need to include an image dataset to improve its performance, or is that only necessary if I want the model to process images as well?
How to Start Python to AI from scratch for 4th year Capstone Project in AI (Thesis).
"Projects for Machine Learning which can boost my job opportunities in Bangladesh and abroad also. 
Will there be any Mentorship program in the near future? If yes, when?"
How many things i have to learn in ML field like DL,ML,comuter vision,Generative AI etc
It's future. If machine learning have future why reasons 
I know about basics of ml,now what to need to do for next steps
How do i start or run a local llm to fine tune? 
Relationship between math and statistics and algorithm 
How to do research on Machine learning? Give us a step by step guidelines. 
None 
How can we work with Big Data.
What kind of ML projects stand out in a cv?
How AI will change job in future? What scopes would be available?
Nothing 
As beginner  where should I start? 
No question
No question
What is the right way learning AI/ML ?
.
How difficult is it for an absolute fresh graduate with only basic knowledge and some projects, but no work experience, to get a job in the AI/ML field in Bangladesh?
.
Proper Resources and Building a successful project improve my skills at best and how lead a career through this
How to be an NLP engineer?
NA
ML research best practices.
Nowadays, AI and machine learning are evolving very fast, and many new topics like LLMs and generative AI are coming up. I feel lost and confused about where to focus. How can I properly start and build a strong AI/ML career in this situation?
A complete guide to research in Machine learning
Is it good today to start as a fresher?
What is the biggest obstacle to learning AI/ML? How to overcome it?
Na
.
How to make ml related projects and which project will helpful for ml engineer job in the perspective of bd
Which courses should i take to learn Machine learning in production? 
make a live end to end project 
A proper roadmap for an ML/AI-related career for a fresher
What is the situation of AI/ML job market in Bangladesh and also remote job for fresher’s? 
about career opportunities 
What is ai
ML/DL related intern & job opportunities
Computer vision project and what kind of research can I do with it? 
Im a hsc candidate of 2026 and Im a ML beginner..i want to learn the way to do ML research as I have a passion to research and development how do i find mentors or write one myself?
"1)is only ml and deep learning enough for  for data science freasher to get a job or we need to learn gen ai+agentic ai also.
2)does advance deep learning, nlp and computer vision also needed for fresher?"
